welcome to bundaberg the iconic country
town nestled in paradise where you'll
find the most refreshing brew drinks in
the world bundaberg brewed Rick's a
unique range expertly blended with
ingredients of absolute premium quality
then rude to be better hi I'm John
McClane CEO and this is us bundaberg
dress every bundaberg brew drinks
product passes through a similar brewing
process he is what happens with our
ginger beer bundaberg brew drinks are
bottled in glass to protect the
authentically brewed flavors the special
taste of bundaberg ginger beer starts
with dehydrated raw ginger which is
ground into a powdered form it then goes
into the brewing tech and is mixed with
a solution of locally sourced cane sugar
and yeast plus other ingredients to
start the brewing process time now comes
into play with the bundaberg ginger beer
brewed for about a week to create the
perfect flavor that makes it brew to be
better the final batch then goes into
towering 20,000 litre or 5,000 u.s.
gallon tanks which feed directly into
the production line via the final
process which ensures perfect
carbonation
now the bottles are evacuated of oxygen
filled and instantly capped off an
incredible 1000 bottles can be filled
per minute bundaberg brew drinks passion
for quality and innovation is this
strong today as it has been for
generations the company is committed to
investing in new technologies and
developments to realize its vision of
being a leader in premium naturally
brewed non-alcoholic beverages enjoyed
by people everywhere bundaberg brew
tricks will soon be available in many
global markets abeley supported by
strong distribution networks and proven
marketing programs like those already
implemented in australia and new zealand
but don't just take our word for how
good bundaberg brew drinks are here's
what people are saying around the world
oh this
or it pops that's kind of fun
good oh this is good I really like it
it's really good this is great get off
the rest of it good luck very nice baby
fishing tastes really fresh it tastes
really natural oh that's that's that's
really good this tastes pretty amazing
it's very very refreshing that's what
quite refreshing
I like that yeah yes definitely better
than the ginger base have had before I
do actually really like that I do it's
um it's really refreshing very bloody
good on a hot day or something like that
yeah oh boy refreshing who's right all
day you just want to have yeah a gin
confessed this is perfect yeah well done
this one's really nice yeah there's only
say I mean
hmm he's great that's pretty good
actually that's really good I definitely
get this over Pepsi or anything else
it's really good repair sunshine in a
cup yes I'm having it in the local
convenience store would be nice it's a
really good product you just have to try
for yourself bundaberg brew Drake's
brewed to be better